this is not a story about forgiveness
when I was a little girl my
understanding of revenge was as simple
as two wrongs don't make a right do you
know how much I love you Amanda infinity
times infinity when everything you love
has been stolen from you someone has to
pay it's one of the most expensive ZIP
codes in the world welcome to the
Hamptons you won't find a better address
than this I'll take it their lives are
private do you think I'm can enough for
my first day on the beach what you need
is another bathing suit is practically a
burka their community is exclusive gray
suit boy is kind of cute that's the
tragically privileged Daniel Grayson
their secrets are shocking
and one woman will do whatever it takes
how many's nudes Hamptons but she really
wanted to take part in your fundraiser
to destroy them mmm I try to give back
as much as I can coming to ABC I'm
Daniel hello welcome home Daniel hi mom
I'd hate to be on her bed I'm yes you
would some forgive have miss Davis
escorted off the boat
others forget they're not a part of this
but I can be just as powerful an enemy
as any one of them but all she wants
his revenge
to chance meetings an unforgettable
summer ABC's revenge coming Wednesday's
this fall ten nine central to ABC